For the function sum_of_digits, both of our solutions consisted of the same logic. We both began with checking the base case and then used mods and '//' to return the sum of the digits. The main different between our solutions was that I had one input (the number that's digits were summed) while the solution posted had the number and also the base as an input. When I was writing this code, I assumed the base of the number would be 10. The solution posted is a more efficient way to produce the sum of the digits of a number because the base is able to be changed more easily. My code was structued most like the solution sum_of_digits_opt1.

For count_occurrences, my soultion was very similar to the posted solution. One error I made was a typo with one of my comments. I said that using 'if list:' was making sure the list was empty but I meant to say making sure the list was NOT empty. The one difference I made in solution was setting the count to 0 before checking if there was anything in the list. I think this was a good way to write my solution because then I didn't have to write an else statement later on. The solution's optimization is interesting and less lines. 

For factorial_iterative, the solution I coded and the one posted had almost the same logic. The only thing I did that I would change is that I wrote an if statement when it was not needed. I wrote 'if n>1' and then the loop 'for i in range(2,n+1)' which already excludes n=1. So, in retrospect, I did not need the if statement. I could have also written 'result *= i' instead of 'result = result*1'. My code was more similar to the opt1 solution because my loop was in the range to n+1.

Lastly, for the function fibonacci_iterative, our solutions were very close in logic. The main difference is that I set the result to 0 and had an if statement if n was equal to 1. In the solutions posted, there was an if statement for if 'n==0 or n==1' which I think is a more optimal way to structure the code. Overall, my logic in this assignment followed the same logic of the solutions but I did make a mistake in the factorial_iterative. Other than that, I did well.

