Before this course, I had learned Python through trial and error without a course helping me along the way. I believe that this course has helped me with organization of my code and to think about the logic behind what I was coding more efficiently. Reflecting on my attendance and punctuality, I was consistently present in class. I attended all class meetings on time except for one. The missed meeting was the first week of class and I scheduled a meeting with the instructor afterwards to make up for the content I missed. I contributed to class discussions by answering questions and asking questions about assignments or the readings that I did not understand. Beyond the homework, I practice Python coding by coding different algorithms outside of class work. The work I do outside of class supplemented the in class focuses. My coding outside of class overlapped with learning about different classes, loops, readability of code, and more. For presence and focus in class, I paid attention during our sessions. While I did travel a decent amount this summer, no matter my location, I always joined class on time. I always submitted by work on time and kept up to date with the due dates. I did review the posted solutions thoughtfully. My main focus on looking at the posted solutions was verifying that my logic had been correct in my assignment and then seeing if the solutions posed a better way to do an objective. I compared the solutions to my own work and believe I have improved throughout this course. In the beginning, my homework did not contain annotations or as many helpful comments. As the course continues, I integrated more helpful comments and annotations to my functions so that my code was more organized and easily readable. My code did meet the assignment requirements, I tested my code before I submitted it and also made sure to only use one return statement for a function and stayed away from using the functions "continue", "break", and outside imports. Towards the beginning of the course, my code's logic was solid but slightly different from the solutions posted. As the course continued, my logic aligned better with that of the solutions posted. I did make a few mistakes throughout the homework assignments but I believe I did not repeat those mistakes as the course went on. 

Approaching this course I had a few goals that I wanted to gain from the class. I wanted to be more organized with my code, I wanted to be able to read code more easily, and I wanted to understand how a computer works better. I believe I have achieved all of these goals in the class and will continues to learn more about these goals as I continue coding. Learning about how to arrange super classes and subclasses in our course helped me organize code in our homework and the code I do outside of class. In class lectures and reading the posted solutions has helped me read code better. Reading the textbook and listening to lectures helped me understand how a computer is structured.

Based on the above, I propose an A as my final grade.